- platform lingo (updated based on trends, social-geographic and age/sex factors and target audience market) that is suitable to each TikTok , meta etc. The market user should not be able to tell the difference between organic and ad lingo. This changes with trends, so we need a system in place that periodically
analyses the current state of trends. If that is not possible, an option for the dev to feed TikTok trends lingo every month into it , maybe?
- the entire platform framework should work on my thought process and marketing architecture that is unique to other platforms and offer ease of access and great ROI and value
- 

The #1 priority and purpose of the platform: Anyone with an online business should be able to create ads, ideas and ad strategy campaigns with this platform. The platform should be easy to use , user friendly and also yield maximum value output. The marketing department(s) of the business should also gain value
from the advanced part of the website with the educational and my thought framework and technique.


The experience of the product and its benefit should be directly reflected in the template of the ad.

For example:

Ugc + body (screen rec)
motivational stories
product related + text overlay > body
podcast style + screen record
street interview + screen record



Research - searches that translate into the Stefan framebyframe sora2 copy ad.




Worrying is praying for something you don't want. We are all fearful and anxious over the world conflict now, but do this instead: Read Bible affirmations from your lockscreen every hour. Tap below to get it.



notes: 
First, we need to establish the type of user this app is for. Great. now how does this app make me feel after I get it? what type of person am I? egotistical? do I want to be the most interesting guy for others? or for myself to
actually be smarter? or do I just have curiousities, or does it help me in my job (domain) ? who am I? - see shadow avatar technique.

-> Cialdini part (they don't know they don't want to spend time on their phone, we cant assume that, that's an anti-scrolling or doomscrolling hook ad angle, it can be used here, but it's not something that is FUNDAMENTAL. 
-> I would not really rely too much on the social proof in ads, you can't really make ads on that. don't scrap it completely, but i think  it shouldn't be such a priority for this type of feature. If I were to buy a rolex (selling the rolex through my platform), then yes. you can use that.
-> "It also does benefit expansion: the surface benefit is "book quotes on lockscreen." The expanded threads are things like — this replaces mindless notifications with something meaningful, this makes you a reader without requiring discipline, every phone unlock becomes a
  micro-learning moment, you discover books you'd never find on your own." < - this is a great insight, very good.

now the script tree:

Alongside creating the classic copywriting examples in the tree, I want you to make them normally as you would , not really for my template, just tackle different emotions the way you're doing right now and write the texts and scenarios, BUT, AFT